Status Videos Maker


Awesome Status Maker App for All Different Videos Categories Trending


Status Videos Maker have great collection of song lyrics select your favorite lyrics and make lyrical video by adding your own pictures in provided video and share your feelings with your love using your photo lyrical video. 

Share your created video via social media and its sure your words touch your loved ones heart by this video.


Online Video Maker has something new concept you can make lyrical video of your own beautiful photos. This is an animated video status maker application You can easily create for your video many beautiful and attractive animated effects.
What’s Inside?

Small Size : small size video download, so save your internet data and save your mobile memory.

Trending Status Video : We currently offer video running in the market. So you can put a trending status video on your social profile.
Add Photo to video : You can add your photo on video.Create your video status in more unique way by using your photos in video with Music.

Quick Share : Expeditiously share short WhatsApp video Status on popular social networks.

Fast Download : WhatsAap in diminutive size and best quality.

Status Videos Maker is an app that lets you turn your images into amazing videos within seconds. 

If you ever wanted to impress your friends with amazing short videos then you have landed at the right place where you can easily find video template of your choice and create videos of your choice. 

You can easily create Birthday Video Status, Anniversary Video Status, Magical Video Status, Lyrical Video Status, MV Video Status and many other awesome videos.



How to Use:

- Select your pictures from gallery or from your mobile.
- Select a song of your choice from collection of lyrical songs.
- Rearrange photos: Rearrange order of your selected pictures for making video.
- Easily Save and Share your created video via social media.
- Easy to use and user friendly UI.
- You can also share and delete your created video which are saved in my work by your choice.
- My Work Contains all the created videos at one place for future use.
- View your liked videos and template you used before.


Movie Maker
Photo to Video Maker with Music
Video Status 2018
Whatsap Video Status
Hindi Video Status
Lyrical Video Maker
Photo Lyrical Status Maker
Romantic Video Status 2018
Love Movie Maker and Love Video Maker
Love Video Status
Happy Birthday Video Status
Friendship Video Status
Creative Lyrical Video Maker
Video Maker Of Photos With Song
Photo Slideshow with Music
Lyrics + Photos = My Photo Lyrical Video
Lyrical Video Editor
Lyrical Video Maker
Lyrical Video Status maker
My Photo Lyrical Video Maker
lyrical photo video maker with music
lyrical video maker
Video Song Maker
30 Sec Video Status
lyrical video status maker
lyrical video maker with music
lyrical video status for whatsapp
lyrical video maker of photos with song
lyrical video maker 2019
lyrical status video
Love Video Status maker
Video Maker Of Photos With Song
lyrical status maker
lyrical status video maker
lyrical status app
My Photo Lyrical Status Video Maker With Music
Video Status Maker
Photo to Video Maker with Music
Photo Animation Video Maker
Photo Lyrical Status Maker
Photo Slideshow with Music
Video Lyrical Song + Photos = My Photo Lyrical Video
lyrics video maker
whatsapp video status maker
Whats App Status Video Maker


Image Source :

